capital = 110

# Starting tech

set_research_slots = 3

###Chemical etching process
modify_building_resources = {
	building = electronics_factory
	resource = electronics
	amount = 1
}

set_technology = {
	primitive_firearms = 1
	conventional_firearms = 1
	recoiless_rifles = 1

	main_support_equipment_tech = 1
	reconnaissance_company = 1
	high_speed_train = 1
	engineer_company = 1
	logistics_company = 1
	
	assault_forces_t = 1
	infiltrators_t = 1
	aerial_troopers_t = 1
	
	logistic_vehicle_system = 1

	main_battle_tank = 1

	field_artillery = 1
	rocketry_advancements = 1
	multiple_launch_rocket_system = 1
	surface_to_air_weapon_system = 1

	multirole_fighter = 1
	versatile_hardmount_system = 1
	aerial_coverage_unit = 1
	strike_interceptor = 1
	minimal_radar_crossection = 1
	stealth_combat_fighter = 1
	advanced_combat_bomber = 1
	logistical_bomber = 1
	ground_combat_support_gunship = 1

	commercial_computers = 1
	massively_parallels_computers = 1
	centralized_systems = 1

	gene_edition_framework = 1
	assembly_lines = 1
	chemical_etching_process = 1
	rudimentary_agronomics = 1
	basic_photovoltaic_cells = 1
	alkanine_fuel_cell = 1
}

set_convoys = 20

add_ideas = {
    FHI_the_oath
	FHI_contested_commission
	FHI_aiseirigh_rising
}

activate_mission = rise_of_aiseirigh

# Starting trucks & trains
add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
    type = high_speed_train_equipment
    amount = 26
    producer = FHI
}
add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
    type = logistic_vehicle_system_equipment
    amount = 260
    producer = FHI
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = theocracy
	last_election = "3374.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	revolutionarism = 5
	technocracy = 3
	democracy = 5
	despotism = 18
	theocracy = 58
	corporatism = 2
	supremacism = 8
	unclassified = 1
}

recruit_character = FHI_labhrann_iomharach
recruit_character = FHI_laomann_illebhain
recruit_character = FHI_fearghas_sheathnaich
recruit_character = FHI_ruairidh_blarach
recruit_character = FHI_faolan_ailpein
recruit_character = FHI_eoghan_kinlaig
recruit_character = FHI_aslac_corcadail
recruit_character = FHI_aedyt_taggarh
recruit_character = FHI_harailt_amhlaigh
recruit_character = FHI_cormag_lutair
recruit_character = FHI_silis_lutair
recruit_character = FHI_baltair_siosalach
recruit_character = FHI_tearlach_bhrighdeinn
recruit_character = FHI_muireach_cormaig
recruit_character = FHI_aimil_sudrach
recruit_character = FHI_ciorstan_ealair
recruit_character = FHI_milread_urchadainn

